Student
consideration children, toddlers who are with their caregivers who have to spend day-to-day basis with their caregivers going on errands. So like from the ages of zero to four or five where they cannot just go on their own and they do not spend their time in the kindergarten or whatever they're spending it with their parents and their parents are dragging them from errand to errand and then they might not have time to go to the park or to the playground so in this time they're usually just passive passive observers of a city that doesn't really include them rather than actually being participants of the city so like for example the idea that I was thinking like if if the parent and the child they're waiting at the bus stop and usually the child is like trying to go away and stuff like that and they're or bored waiting for the bus. then the parent has to be like super careful that the child doesn't go into the street and so on um and um so we could just add an element in the bus stop and that's already um a small element through urban acupuncture which is like strategic um strategic keep um small interventions that's really make a big impact so the layer that we're we're gonna be working on is like child care in in the city. So they could add an element in the bus stop that could meet their developmental needs, that also makes them understand better the bus, I don't know, like numbers or alphabets, whatever that is, I still don't think of it, but intervention in the bus stop, or for example, in the pharmacy or in the ATM, they can also have their little thing that they can also insert a card rather than the parent having to multitask and watch over the child in those spots where they have to wait around and take them anywhere So rather than putting children into bubbles in the city, we include them into the everyday life in small ways. So this is the idea, but I have a very difficult time thinking about how I can do this computationally because At first I was thinking I'm gonna walk around like in areas where there are parents and see where they go or even ask them like where do you spend your time with your child like in everyday where do you take them? And then see where are the areas that the parents run errands at, where do they take the child with them or do they leave them in the kindergarten and so on. And then also observe where the areas that the child is bored or throwing a tantrum or stuff like that and how long and then translate it into a computer and measure and see the difference between like the the way that i was thinking that measuring through time how much time it takes for a regular person to do their errand and how much time does a parent or a child do their errand to see that the child but i i'm not so sure also how to do it So I don't know at all like with the computation. is the idea but I have problems with the computation. Okay. 

Advisor
Well, I think the problem is super interesting. The cities are really not well optimized for children, so i think optimizing it in some way would be nice topic but regarding the computation it's a little bit difficult because first of all you need to understand what you want to measure Right. and you need to build a reliable system where you could predictably measure stuff. So what I was saying is that you, need to somehow find a reliable and predictable way to measure stuff. And usually this is super difficult if you try to deal with people. So the idea of, um, going to certain places and trying to observe people, um, you would, you could do it, but you would just get probably not a lot of data. in the end. and it would be difficult to make any conclusions out of that. So I would... But what's your flexibility in terms of shifting some kind of focus? because in the end you want to do some sort of intervention right and and see how it affects people, right? 

Yeah, but I don't know if it's possible to have this, like make this intervention. Like I could propose it in the thesis, but actually implementing it, I don't know if it's possible. Yeah, yeah, I mean. Like I thought about the idea, I don't know if it's also just a thought in my head that if I'm gonna stick with this topic and everything's gonna work out to the computational then I can I took a placemaking course and there was this office I think in Erfurt you see I don't remember the name but they they were the ones focusing on the raw which path and Weimar and they're trying to focus on the plaza and stuff and both the owners of the office, they are parents and they have like four children or something. So I thought maybe I can speak to them about it and they always hold workshops and stuff. I don't know if I speak to them about it and I want to collaborate with them. And then, but I don't know, I haven't spoken to them about it until I... 

Advisor
this is possibility, the question is um what exactly do you want to talk about like because the current research questions that you had it's a little bit weak at the moment and it's completely normal because it's like it's not a linear process actually usually you first have some sort of the research question then you try to do the research then you figure out oh i need to adjust my research question and it's a loop but starting from the question of like how can computational staff do something is like, it's beneficial to imagine that you already have this, let's say you have already done your thesis, you have come to a certain conclusion and the answer to that question would be somehow. So usually good research questions are questions, they reveal something that we didn't know before. And usually the good strategy to approach it is to have a certain hypothesis. So you say that you have a, I don't know, think that making some streets pedestrian train will increase the safety of people, right? And then you, for example, do a simulation of some sort, and then you figure out, ah, okay, this actually improves this and that. And also it's, It's important to understand that you have only like couple of months, right? So you, it's in your interest to pick something very specific and something that is manageable. And ambition of trying to solve the problem of children in the city is very high, but in frame of the thesis, it's a little bit difficult to implement. Yeah. So yeah, these are my thoughts. But regarding your topic, what I think, could you read your research question one more time? you How can computational simulation evaluate the impact of microscale interventions in fostering spatial synchronization and enhancing the shared daily routine of the caregiver child care? What is synchronization? 

Student
synchronizing when you're synchronizing the needs for example of the child with the of the parents that the parents have to go run errands and the child is there with them but their the child's needs are not being met because it's not every day that the parent has time to go out of their way to spend an hour in the park and come back or it's raining or whatever it is the reason and so so synchronizing the needs together in parallel because this is when the the child spends most of their time with the other. 

Advisor
Also caregiver, is it parent? 

Student
Caregiver I meant as an aunt that is taking the child for the day, or a sister, or Herod or whoever is going to be responsible for the child and running the errand. 

Advisor
Okay, so I think what would make sense is that you try to assess which kind of tools you could potentially use and how you can connect them to the intervention. I think think you should select one intervention. Design it. What type of tool? The tool, I mean the type of analysis that you could do computationally, right? This could be, I don't know, is a list or like visual connection or some sort of pedestrian simulation, so on, so on, so on, and then figure out how can this one intervention affect this tool? And then it will be, I think, easier to evaluate the effect of this thing, right? Because I imagine that, let's say this is not a concrete example, but... You would like to increase visual connection between parent and the child when they are on the playground, for example, right? So you would propose a design where elements do not abstract the view. and then there would be or I don't know or you arrange sitting in a way where you could the most of your child most of the time. And because you had this tool of analysis, like visual connection, you can then evaluate it. So because when you talk about errands and synchronization, those things honestly i have no good idea how to evaluate

Student
how do you propose okay and like i know that the piece is super regular one that i'm proposing is like uh a computation to see and then to because i was also proposing to make like a booklet of interventions so like there's like i don't know 10 interventions with 10 solutions and we can and then I develop a criteria for each I have like a such a big vision, but then it's not possible in three months. I don't know if, how can I scale it down in a way that I can also, because when I was searching more on how to do it, in ChatGPT, the computation, they were like, it doesn't work because then you have to model, I don't know, each, because one of the ideas also So it was like, you know, when you put the DHL package the parcel so one of the stuff was like we can also like make a tiny part for the child where like they can do stuff while the parent is doing their own so they're like you know you have to model each and everything that you measure at and stuff like that so they can you can check the height also of the child what what is reachable because the average human height is like 170 but but the child is like one meter or something. 

Advisor
I mean, there is not much to evaluate. It's like, you do a design which is suitable for children. And if you do it, then it is suitable for children. You don't need computation to, there is no kind of mystery you try to unsolve with a computational stuff here. Because having those elements in the city would be nice. and that's obvious so and you could obviously do a a booklet with a 10 interventions and criterias and so on and that would be nice but this is not computationally relevant or Well, relevant is... bad word but you don't need computation to do that you know so if you were trying if you had a certain hypothesis about effect of certain intervention maybe connecting this to the available simulation tools would help you Um, come up with a more focused problem. 

Student
Can you give me a concrete example so I can understand better? Like for example, the bus stop, or putting an intervention in the bus stop, how would we do this in computation? Or do you mean not even focusing on this and focusing on something else? 

Advisor
I mean, intervention wise, you could say that You could have a hypothesis that, for example, when you add more benches in a park, the amount of time people will spend in the park will increase. And so then you make a certain simulation where you create assumption of behavior of the human. say that, I don't know, 30% of human they see the bench, they stop and they sit. And so you evaluate how much time they spent in the park. And thus you say that, oh, yeah, okay. For example, there was another this kind of, I think, nice research where they took a city, they had the data on of the speed of the cars and they uh found the streets where the most uh where the most number of uh speeding tickets is being done you know like the parts of the city where people go the fastest they created a map and on this map you can see that we need to do a certain intervention here and there for example uh so this gives you a certain insight to the problem which is pretty obvious but you don't know where this could be another focus you know like uh in the end the answer to the question 

Student
okay i like your idea like this idea about the map and stuff let me see if i can translate it into my thesis so for example if i have a neighborhood or whatever scale that i'm going to work on and then like have an eyes of this visual visualize of estimate to see what is visible and from a height of one meter and then we can see that for example the garbage bin is higher the i don't know what is higher the bus stop is higher everything is super high but I don't know if there's already information that is provided that here these are the garbages in the city or these are the posts in the city or do I have to model it myself that okay these are the spots where there is a garbage maybe I can go on the street walk and mark them and then model and tick tick tick with it and then also with other stuff like just a square and I just model the height and then seeing okay these are the parts that the child, maybe this is one layer where I can see the height and then another layer. I mark the spots where the children go with their parents. So like there's a radius and this is what they see and then create. 

Advisor
Okay. So this is how this computational proves how the child is not integrated because then they cannot even throw trash waste in the garbage themselves they have to give it to the parent or the parent to throw it. but it's too high sure but um then you know you could um what is the what is the question that you are trying to solve because um i think also again uh useful skill imagine that you you have this model and you can expect a certain result. And the result that you will probably get is that there is no trash bins in this example which are adapted for children because there are simply none. So what comes next after that? 

Student
I do this like booklet and be like, okay, this is what we need to do in order to solve the solution. It's like super not cost clear, people can do it and then can be used by community members or architects or planners. 

Advisor
Sure. But I think, I mean that if you, you don't need to run any sort of analysis because there is no trash bins that are adapted to children. You know that every location in the city where there is a trash bin, it's not adapted to children. So if we imagine a map where you have, I don't know, red is bad, green is good, everything would be red. So this is not very... 

Student
It will prove that how much stuff is a problem. Because maybe, like the reason I thought about this idea is that a few years ago, I don't know, four years ago or so, I read a research paper about, because I was like, okay, how can we at playgrounds or this, I wasn't even focused on that. And then I, this research paper that that was not even about but this one sentence that like mentioned something like this like what about children with the parents and it's stuck in my head that 

Advisor
it is true that your city isn't really including children in the everyday life and in a way like how they include them is that they keep them safe but how do they actually include them um but uh it doesn't um it doesn't provide insight if you do this kind of simulation, because we know that, we know by default that this is a bad, if you pose a question like that. Because I imagine that, for example, if you, if you, let's say the kindergarten is closed somewhere in the city, We know that it's bad for community. but in what exact ways it is bad, this is unclear. And one of the dimensions that you could evaluate using simulation is, I don't know, how much more time people have to spend now to get to a new kindergarten. And then you have a model which evaluated that and you have a certain result, It is a certain number. And then you could say, this is bad because of that. And this is a certain insight. And maybe then based on that, you try to design a solution where this same parameter would be minimized. But have you maybe... read anything interesting on the topic of like children oriented urban design. Because I imagine that there is also a lot of literature on that or design proposals, and maybe you could find something in existing literature and find an aspect of this that you could evaluate, or maybe at least it will give you a better idea about the specter of the interventions that you can do. 

Student
I'm really lost about those pieces topic thing because it's not necessary that I do it about children. I can do it about anything, but I'm kind of lost on what to do it on that actually needs something to be fixed that is related to computation, because most of the things that I think about, I cannot find a way to do computation about them. you 

Advisor
I think it makes sense to, in this case, then start with tools or simulation or computational stuff that you could potentially imagine doing and which with which we could help you, and then find the intervention that could affect the result of this computational evaluation. 
One of the other alternatives is that you could do more like design thesis, but on that topic. recommend you discussing that either with Sven or Reinhardt. 

Student
But I wanted to do something computational because I don't think I can learn it in the future from somewhere else is difficult. So that's what I wanted to do it in my thesis. 

Advisor
I mean, design thesis, I mean, it doesn't mean that you don't have to use any computational tools. it means that you don't do like a scientific research. It's more like you create a few options and then you compare them. And then you say which one is better. But then you again have this problem of figuring out this thing that you can evaluate. because Because one simple example is that you have a design of the urban block and then you have like three versions of how the blocks are rotated and then you evaluate how much light goes into the flats and based on the sunlight analysis you can select the best option. is like the simplest version of that and in terms of in case of this thing it's the focus on the experience is I think what makes it super difficult you know because you have to Social aspects are also hard to capture in the simulations. But on the 16th, you have to, what do you have certain, some kind of colloquium? 

Student
I have to submit the thesis proposal and the charts of how I propose I measure. So I already did the thesis proposal on this and the charts, but I did it, but then after I did it and I'm like thinking about it more and more and like, no, it's not possible. So I have it done, like I can just give this and then continue thinking about it. But the thing is I have been thinking about it December and I haven't reached anything. I'm completely lost about it because usually like what I'm used to is in Egypt the master's thesis takes like two years to do. It's a really big thesis and we have no computation on it so it's really okay. So that's why I was thinking okay something really big this is what I'm used to and then it doesn't make sense in here and I want to also do the computation and I feel like I'm forcing the computational into this idea rather than state it naturally. 

Advisor
I mean, yeah, it feels this way. And maybe you shouldn't. Like, this makes sense when this will be helpful and meaningful to discover something that was not possible in any other way. And if if it's not the case, then why? Why bother? I understand You have this ambition? to use those tools. But given the timeframe, maybe the best solution would be to focus on what you already know. because like now spending time doing or learning computational thing is not ideal because you have a limited time period and this is like should be like a packaging of everything that you already done it's a little bit like submitting competition and a month before for submitting a competition you want to submit. learn a visualization program. It's cool, but it will make it super difficult to submit stuff, you know. 

Student
So you're advising me either to stick with this topic, but remove the computational from it. Or changing the topic and finding another topic that has simple computation. 

Advisor
exactly um I mean, I could potentially think about certain compromises in between, but I don't know, because I feel like I could offer you, let's evaluate effect of removing kindergarten from a certain district and evaluating impact that it has on the community, for example. But since this will not be exactly what you want, you're like, OK. And then maybe you have no interest in doing that. So I guess my question is, are you interested more on the let's say problem of designing city for children or is it more about a certain like more focused like certain intervention design like 

Student
i already like um combining urban design with children and the social aspect but i already did this many times before so i don't have to do it again so this is not a must for me i've i've done and a lot of things like that before. fellowship and workshops and so i i want to do something new with this piece with this with this thesis but uh and the new thing would would be the computation aspect so for me it's more important that i do something with computation even if the computational is small but for me to keep on trying and trying and doing something new that i can have a new skill with uh what have have you done before? Other than the things in our courses you mean in my in my uh before yeah i mean uh so you say that you have done things in a similar topic as far as i understood right the city fellowship that i did it was like three months and it was focusing about urban acupuncture and how we can do those tiny interventions within the city and we joined it with a social aspect and we did this like workshop in which we built and we did this festival for the neighborhood to gather the community and to activate the space. So I did this social with acupuncture in the city and then I joined many workshops but I also went and interviewed the people and see what they needed and then how we can improve it and so on in the urban scale also. but I didn't do the computer. computational thing, something that I'm doing alone, not in a group. 

Advisor
Okay, so I guess for now, the advice would be either to do design, and this design, use computation through evaluation of the design. or find a topic where using computational tools will reveal something that we don't know. From my side, I could offer just to think about it over the weekend, and maybe I can come up with certain proposals, and then you can take a look and think about whether this is something which you might be interested in trying. 

Student
Yeah, I would like that if it's possible. Like even I can just submit this or something and then keep on working on the other and on the side. But because I'm really open to anything, like I thought, okay, maybe it would be nice to try the biodiversity or the environmental, because I know that this is also important. And right now, everyone's trying to be more monthly friendly. 